{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1251\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Welcome to Sol Control tutorial.\
\
Bottom bar shows a map, selected object information and fast travel buttons.\
Please note available credits - game currency, it is displayed at right bottom.\
\
Several planets are available to explore: Mercury, Venus, Earth and Moon, and Mars.\
\
Please select Earth. At the bottom bar now displayed ships you can build.\
\
E.C.S. is exploration colonists ship. Build it to colonize planets and explore asteroids. Valuable resources can be found there.\
\
Freighter is working ship, used to carry supplies and resources between planets. It is core of your economy. This ships gain credits for every interplanetary voyage.\
\
Station is defense space battle station. Build it to protect planets from invasion. Station has hangars for fighters. You may build fighters there.\
\
Cruiser is heavy battleship, carrying enough firepower to deal with a couple of fighters.\
\
Carrier is superheavy battleship. This flying fortress can bring dozen of fighters to battle front.\
\
Now we have a strong fleet. To order ship to fly touch it and slide in desired direction. Nice.\
\
Pinch-to-zoom gesture will zoom map. Let follow our ships.\
\
When battleship encounters an enemy it will start firing with blasters. Fighters has light ones, and heavy ships do incredible damage. \
\
Several ships has energy shields. When being out of battle shield will restore in few seconds.  \
\
}